@startuml
!theme mono
skinparam classAttributeIconSize 0
skinparam classFontSize 12
skinparam classAttributeFontSize 11

title 구독관리 시스템 - 패키지 구조

package "com.unicorn.lifesub" {
  package "member" {
    package "member.controller" as memberController
    package "member.service" as memberService
    package "member.domain" as memberDomain
    package "member.repository" as memberRepository
    package "member.repository.entity" as memberEntity
    package "member.dto" as memberDto
    package "member.config" as memberConfig
  }

  package "mysub" {
    package "mysub.infra" {
      package "mysub.infra.controller" as mysubController
      package "mysub.infra.gateway" as mysubGateway
      package "mysub.infra.gateway.repository" as mysubRepository
      package "mysub.infra.gateway.entity" as mysubEntity
      package "mysub.infra.dto" as mysubDto
      package "mysub.infra.config" as mysubConfig
    }

    package "mysub.biz" {
      package "mysub.biz.usecase.in" as mysubUsecaseIn
      package "mysub.biz.usecase.out" as mysubUsecaseOut
      package "mysub.biz.service" as mysubService
      package "mysub.biz.domain" as mysubDomain
    }
  }

  package "recommend" {
    package "recommend.controller" as recommendController
    package "recommend.service" as recommendService
    package "recommend.domain" as recommendDomain
    package "recommend.repository" as recommendRepository
    package "recommend.repository.entity" as recommendEntity
    package "recommend.dto" as recommendDto
    package "recommend.config" as recommendConfig
  }

  package "common" {
    package "common.dto" as commonDto
    package "common.util" as commonUtil
    package "common.exception" as commonException
    package "common.response" as commonResponse
  }
}

' 계층 간 의존관계
memberController --> memberService
memberService --> memberDomain
memberService --> memberRepository
memberRepository --> memberEntity

mysubController --> mysubUsecaseIn
mysubService --> mysubUsecaseIn
mysubService --> mysubUsecaseOut
mysubService --> mysubDomain
mysubGateway --> mysubUsecaseOut
mysubGateway --> mysubRepository
mysubRepository --> mysubEntity

recommendController --> recommendService
recommendService --> recommendDomain
recommendService --> recommendRepository
recommendRepository --> recommendEntity

' 공통 모듈 의존관계
memberController ..> commonResponse
mysubController ..> commonResponse
recommendController ..> commonResponse

memberService ..> commonException
mysubService ..> commonException
recommendService ..> commonException

memberController ..> commonDto
mysubController ..> commonDto
recommendController ..> commonDto

@enduml